Natural death, "You are blessed by an unseen benevolent God. You died in your bed after a long and fruitful life."
Natural death, "You have reached the end of your journey. After many years of performing benign tasks for little money (+ high tax) you finally met your demise after a stroke."
Natural death, "Your spouse took the kids, took the house, took the car. Ultimately your dignity was also part of her boon. You die of a sour lonely heart. The universe is indifferent."
Natural death, "Your demise comes in a classic wrapper: stage four cancer."
Natural death, "Healthy body in a healthy mind, right? Well, despite your Spartan physique you still got small cell lung cancer. It was a lovely ceremony."
Natural death, "You had friends. You had a family. You lived fast. And, you also learned to live slow. Regardless, your last words famously rang thus: HOLD MY BEER!"
Natural death, "It was a dark and stormy night. You approached your duplex (ridiculous rent btw). Suddenly, a pack of rabbid dogs emerge from the woodwork. Dogfood."
Natural death, "It was a mild fever turned way way worse. So it goes."
Natural death, "You loved drinking a bit too much."
Natural death, "You never actually asked to be born. After many a summer you have finally found your demise and returned to the void. You died of a stroke."
Friendly stranger, "While on the tram, a friendly stranger offers a night of wonderous adventure. You died of AIDS. L0L"
Friendly stranger, "After months of chatting with sSweeTtKittYy91 on the camsite you finally decided to pay her(?) a visist. While in Romania you get in an altercation with sSweeTtKittYy91 five gym going buddies over refusing to empty your bank account. You die in a damp alleyway due to internal bleeding."
Friendly stranger, "A man asks you for five minutes in order to discuss your lord and saviour. You join the Cult of Jesus's Reborn Believers and actually buy into the bullshit. Mass suicide."
Unfriendly stranger, "Wrong place. Wrong time. Too close to the suicide bomber."
Friendly stranger, "You remember The Hills Have Eyes? Like that, only with with inbred political radicals."
Friendly stranger, "The highway cuts a straight line across a long stretch of desert. A damsel frantically waves to you as you pass her smoking vehicle. You stop to offer assistance only to be clubbed by an unseen miscreant. You die while passed out due to heavy dehydration. The heatstroke did not help either. Nor did the circling vultures."
Friendly stranger, "The friendly stranger offers you a ride in his white serial killer van."
Friendly stranger, "Your bro comes back from spring break. 'Bruv, I got these pills!' he sais presenting a bag full of pressed capsules. 'Is this molly?' you ask inspecting the drugs. 'Nah bruv!!! Dis shit's called ROLEX!' Your bodies are discovered two weeks later in a heavy state of decay."
Unfriendly stranger, "You're listening to your favourite Katty Perry album while waiting for the bus to arrive. A mad woman shoves you with retard-strength in front of a speeding yet very silent Tesla Model S. This is the most style you could ever hope to have."
Friendly stranger, "An attractive lady with a whip says: The safety word is 'pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis'."
Friendly stranger, "Death by savage beating in a same-sex environment by a british academic authority."
Cosmic, "A voice from the beyond resonates in your head. It shreds through your sanity. You died."
Cosmic, "The dusty tome is before you. Arcane symbols shift and dance before your eyes. But look, a readable passage! You are compelled to run your hand through a meatgrinder while contemplating your porcine resemblance."
Cosmic, "This sky and the comsos are one! Purge these streets of foul beasts."
Cosmic, "Look up here man, I'm in heaven. I've got scars that can't be seen. I've got drama can't be stolen. Everybody knows me now." You were secretly playing as David Bowie.
Cosmic, "There was a hole here. Now it's gone."
Cosmic, "A park glossing with emerald green lawns is sprawled before your eyes. A crystal blue sky seem to open itself benevolently. First with genetle hues of magenta then all of a sudden, a darkening pitch. You are swallowed by gentle darkness."
Cosmic, "Bla bla bla"
Cosmic, "Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn. Tharanak sll'ha ilyaa shugg nglloig R'lyeh wgah'n Cthulhu, ngkn'a nnnk'yarnak shugg nnnzhro shugg fhtagn ya zhro hai ee nilgh'ri."
Cosmic, "Look mom, tentacles from the void!"
Cosmic, "It's rather rapturous!"
Cosmic, "Half-Life 3 Confirmed!!!"
Environmental, "You got run over by a truck."
Environmental, "You're doing stuff around the kitchen. As you shuffle between cupboard and that dank space under the sink doors are open, kitchen utensils are all over the place. You get up from your knees and the cupboard door absorbs the full force of your legs as you straighten yourself. Concussion. Death. Tough luck bro."  
Environmantal, "You get crushed by a McDonals neon sign. Before your fragile shell gets smashed to gyblets your last thought is 'Huh, I never thought they still made neon signs.'"
Environmantal, "You are at this rave, right? All is fine and dandy until some douchebag starts firing off fireworks. Everyone panics. You get trampled. You die."
Environmantal, "You get pulled over by the cops. They seem to take execption to your skin color. You get shot in the driver seat."
Environmantal, "You were suffocated in your sleep by a playfull yet witless nephew. Your children currenly fight over that will you never bothered to write."
Environmantal, "Clear skies. Drone strike."
Environmantal, "Remember that guy who got eated by bears some ten years ago? Well, like that, only at the zoo. Failed selfie attempt."
Environmantal, "You always loved living on the edge. So, each time you had a bath you'd place the radio on the bathtub ledge. This time it fell in."
Environmantal, "You have been visited by the spirit of Capitalism. You die."
Environmantal, "Don't drink the water. But hey, who am I to tell you anything?"
Trump, "You were commissioned to work on the wall. Mexico didn't pay for it. But hey, you did."
Flasher, "Beware of the friendly stranger."